Add configuration section to readme (#363)
ruby/irb: README.md

The Readline extension module can be used with irb. Use of Readline is default if it's installed.

### Configuration

> You can customize `irb` by putting configurations inside `~/.irbrc` (system user level) or `/project_root/.irbrc` (project level). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize `irb` using the global configuration file in `~/.irbrc` or using a file in your project called `.irbrc`.
```
